."
."     Title: restauth-service
."    Author: Mathias Ertl <mati@fsinf.at>
."  Language: English
."      Date: 2011-02-12
."
.TH restauth-service 8  "February 12, 2011" "Version 0.1\-git" "RestAuth Manual"
.SH NAME
restauth-service \- Utility to manage services able to access RestAuth.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B restauth-service
[options] \fIaction\fR \fIargs\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
The purpose of \fBrestauth-service\fR is to manage services that use RestAuth.
The authentication credentials configured with this tool also have to be set in
the service using it.
.SH AUTHENTICATION DETAILS
Credentials are composed of a name, a password and one or more hosts from which
requests may come. The RestAuth service denies requests coming from an invalid
host, even if the credentials are correct.
.SH OPTIONS
.RS 4
.RE
\fB\-\-settings\fR=\fISETTINGS\fR
.RS 4
The path to the Django settings module. This is equivalent to setting the
environment variable \fBDJANGO_SETTINGS_MODULE\fR. \fISETTINGS\fR should be the
path to your \fBsettings.py\fR. The setting should be in Python path syntax, e.g.
\fBRestAuth.settings\fR. The default is usually fine. 

For additinal help, you might want to check out:
.RS 4
\fIhttp://docs.djangoproject.com/en/dev/topics/settings/\fR
.sp
.RE
.RE
\fB\-\-password\fR=\fIPWD\fR
.RS 4
Use \fIPWD\fR for the password for actions \fBadd\fR and \fBset-password\fR. If
you do not use this option for these actions, you will be prompted
interactively.
.SH ACTIONS
.sp
With each invocation of \fBrestauth-service\fR, you can give exactly one action.
.sp
\fBadd\fR \fIservice\fR [\fIhost\fR] ...
.RS 4
Add a \fIservice\fR to RestAuth. The \fIservice\fR can contain any ASCII
character except a double colon (':'). You can give one or more \fIhosts\fR that
the new \fIservice\fR is able to connect from. If ommitted, the \fIservice\fR
can't connect from any host and is thus unusable. 

If you don't specify the password with the \fB--password\fR option, you will be
prompted for it interactively.
.RE
.sp
\fBremove\fR \fIservice\fR
.RS 4
Remove a given \fIservice\fR that no longer uses RestAuth.
.RE
.sp
\fBview\fR \fIservice\fR
.RS 4
View details on a given \fIservice\fR.
.RE
.sp
\fBlist\fR
.RS 4
List all services known to RestAuth.
.RE
.sp
\fBset-hosts\fR \fIservice\fR [\fIhost\fR] ...
.RS 4
Set the \fIhosts\fR that a given \fIservice\fR is allowed to connect from. 
Naming no \fIhosts\fR effectively disables the given \fIservice\fR.
.RE
.sp
\fBset-password\fR \fIservice\fR
.RS 4
Set the password for the given \fIservice\fR. If you don't specify the password
with the \fB--password\fR option, you will be prompted for it interactively.
.RE
.sp
\fBhelp\fR \fIaction\fR
.RS 4
Give the help-text on one of the \fIactions\fR named above.
.RE
.SH ENVIRONMENT
\fBrestauth-service\fR uses the Django framework and as such is affected by its
environment variables.
.sp
\fBDJANGO_SETTINGS_MODULE\fR
.RS 4
Setting this environment variable is equivalent to using the \fB--settings\fR
option.
.SH AUTHORS
Copyright \(co 2010\-2011 by RestAuth engineers:
.sp
.RS 4
.ie n \{\h'-04'\(bu\h'+03'\c
.\}
.el \{.sp -1
.IP \(bu 2.3
.\}
Mathias Ertl <mati@fsinf\&.at>
.RE
." template end ;)
.sp
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later.
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
.sp
See http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html for more information.
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBrestauth-user\fP(8), \fBrestauth-group\fP(8)
.sp
For more information, see the RestAuth homepage at
.RS 4
https://redmine.fsinf.at/projects/restauth-server

.SH BUGS
Please submit bugs to our issue tracker:
.RS 4
https://redmine.fsinf.at/projects/restauth-server/issues
